damn at chinese food was good yes pretty
good
not enough cash
yeah and the next reason that you will i
need to bring micah merchant they need
admin as valuable content yeah give her
that gillett military with the wall Paul
Hassan get sniped not a story leave your
head out you can pick up so many people
here dude I get a helicopter here every
time
think it coming around take your eyes
hey you got a god i also got a
fingerprint
really going up to the top of the booth
are you a coal mine move over get on
that barrel hail to know be behind salat
over you still like ask you I'll give it
the way high up there oh go top topper
but they're all right there and I get
one fucking kill mrsa that's right
they're out there they're deep
how are you guys gotta go purchase all
your aim is off oh you get him yet you
got hey I gotta stay put chocolate and I
reps choppers and that's time to be
grits I aggressive move jump around pull
the shuffle sprint through buffer yeah
tell me about it dude wow this guy no
because he was probably just ahead there
little tough yeah we're going to eat
ramen repair work you'll get sniped
there nam amex prompted it'll be careful
your chopper high chopper
I don't give
you keep that foot wind by the way now
see
I see what look like my shots going like
straight through the guy they look like
that so they were characters off anyway
was a horrible reaction down that was
very bad reaction you kill him Ross
falling around you tell me about it do
your top of the triple story and pick
them off
this pick them off right there for a
second watch out he'll get gunned down
by Headley's windows you're not careful
early air strike on the white here it
comes guys smoke
yeah go up top knock is it d not easy
for them built in the donor that's more
okay
are there coolest person among others
detective Cohen quit out there blue
we're all the hides it might kill you
okay no sniffles
yeah I right there opened it o + 2 19
and two knows not 10 3 that's all right
goodbye Wow save it it good and put it
up okay